=    CityCoin — Public Goals through Private Property


CityCoin is a claim over the Property and Promises required for the production of future goods and services.

The CityCoin DAO issues and sells CityCoin Titles to acquire land, tools and work required to create a series of private cities under the full control of those citizen owners.

Some users pay with plain-old-money used to buy the land and tools.
While others pay with commitments of work to create those products.


===Terms of Operation
Money becomes Property: Consumers pay early to own land and tools for food and home.
Property becomes Product: Owners are consumers paying early for goods and services.
Promises become Property: Workers become owners as they complete work commitments.
Profit becomes Property: Consumers pay late to own when they buy surplus product.


====Money becomes Property
Similar to crowdfunding, consumers prepay for future goods and services with plain-old-money, but instead of just receiving one round of production, they become the real property owners of the land and tools that will be purchased for that future production.

But this is also fundamentally different from equity-based crowdfunding because of the reason the investor+owner+consumer is taking a risk.

Under this model, the investors, owners and consumers are one-and-the-same.

They take risk to *avoid* paying the profit they would otherwise pay when attempting to purchase that product from the regular market.

This (imperfectly) ensures the future production of that product, and so acts as a more direct alternative to traditional insurance.


====Property becomes Product
Each owner accepts the product itself as the direct and natural return on investment, thereby avoiding the usual selling and buying of the finished commodity.

The price each pays as a consumer is exactly the costs each paid as an owner while the final sale is eliminated, leaving profit undefined.

Instead of selling the product to another consumer, the product has been pre-distributed to the consumer who predicted they would need it. There is no sale because it is already the individuated property of that consumer/owner.

This allows groups to operate at zero profit even while all shareholders remain satisfied. Notice the numeric compensation is approximately the same as a For Profit investment, but inverted in that the consumer avoids paying profit for that product.

Subgroups must be allowed to secede from the majority when the property is realistically divisible to promote localized control and inhibit Tyranny of the Majority.


====Promises become Property
Workers invest when they commit to achieve work within the city.

Every worker is guaranteed access to Tier0 in return for immediate access to some* CityCoin titles vesting as those promises are completed, thereby avoiding excessive price and rent usually paid for food and housing.

Every worker is a consumer who must also own property to control the products he must consume.

Workers promise to accomplish future goals and receive property as those promises are fulfilled. This replaces the rent or mortgage that would otherwise take most of the wages.

Vested property can be used as collateral to access even more valuable property under this work-to-own scheme.


====Profit becomes Property
Any owner may sell surplus product and even collect profit, but some of that profit must be invested for that very same paying user to buy newly issued CityCoin titles, or to buy CityCoin titles being offered for sale by other owners.

This causes all users to incrementally gain the property ownership required to finally also control the production they need and receive those products at cost.


===Development Phases
PREBOOT
Search real estate listings to meet the many requirements such as: minimum size, maximum price, fitness for permaculture, zoning restrictions, water rights, mineral rights, taxes, fees, etc.

Start crowdfunding pre-campaign to ask workers and other investor where they prefer to build.

Finalize parcel selection and mint CityCoin against each square foot.

BOOT
Start real crowdfunding campaign to begin selling CityCoin titles to workers and other investors.

Reach agreement over general structure of the city such as a central meeting place, major roads, nature preserves, strict borders, pollution restrictions, and any other constraints this group may decide to enforce upon itself.

START
Purchase land, tools and startup supplies, including primary bulk food ingredients such as bushels of grains, legumes, raw potatoes, bales of herbs and spices etc. to cook large, cheap but nutritious shared meals and begin soap and cloth making.

Workers may move onsite immediately, but may need to use tents, cafeteria style dining and temporary sanitation facilities while the first shared structures are built and support services are established.

Build first shared structures and install quickly-maturing plants and animals primarily for initial food production.

STASIS
 The city can support Tier0 without external trade.

Begin building private structures such as tiny houses.

Install slow-maturing plants and animals with uses beyond food.

SOVEREIGN
 The city can support Tier1 without external trade.

SURPLUS
The city produces more than it consumes.

Investment Types (3 ways to pay)
1. Pay with commitments of plain-old-money to crowdfund the debt-free
 purchase of real estate and tools from the regular market.

2. Pay with commitments to work in the future for others within the city.
 This cause you, the worker, to receive immediate access to enough
 CityCoin titles to sustain at least Tier0 quality of life.
 Vesting occurs as promises are kept, causing all workers to gain
 debt-free housing and food security.

3. Pay in a sort of ‘accidental’ way when you buy surplus product
 from other owners and pay more than the real costs of production.
 Owners selling surplus are required to buy CityCoin titles with
 some of their profits, and vest ownership of those titles to you,
 the payer. //[[How should we determine the minimum percentage?]]


==== Products
Each owner of Property is owner of future Product in that same ratio.

For example, if you own 3% of the hives, you own 3% of the future honey.

Each Product instance has a window-of-validity in time enforced by constraints on production and on the lifetime of the product.

For example, a young tree does not produce fruit immediately, and the fruit is not fresh forever.

CityCoin titles issued to workers may not vest if quality or quantity projections are not met. Projections must be adjusted for reasons outside the worker’s control such as such as severe weather, fire, earthquake, accidents, etc.

==== Property
A variety of city design templates following permaculture principles could help guide core decisions around borders, roads, shared structures, etc.

The market price of each newly issued CityCoin title is based on:
1. The market price of the Property required for that production.
2. The inverse of the market price of the Promises required for that production.

This means those paying with plain-old-money are implicitly also buying *other* CityCoins used to compensate workers.

For example, those paying for “1 Gallon of milk per month” must pay for the land and tools and work to build and run the dairy and tend to the cattle and Alfalfa and water rights, etc., recursively, for all that production.

The price of Promises is found through auction, increasing as the crowdfunding campaign end-date approaches.

Each group must insure every worker is qualified, especially for dangerous jobs.

Each worker must be able to commit the minimum Promises required to meet Tier0 quality of life else they cannot live onsite.

Each owner must pay initial and recurring costs of production in one of these ways:
. Supply Property or Promises for your portion of the costs of production for this group.
. Supply Property or Promises for your portion of the costs of production through another group which has a trade agreement with this group, and recursively, to any depth.
. Sell (or allow to be sold) enough of your Product to cover the costs of production.
. Secede from the group and retain your portion of the property under your own terms (within the limits of realistic divisibility).

For the safety of all citizens, every citizen must receive at least enough CityCoin titles to ensure Tier0 quality of life.

====Promises
Promises are commitments of future labor which are traded for Property under these terms, or for Promises from others to work for you in the future.

For example, you might commit to pick fruit in the orchard during harvest season, drive a bus during the week, and cook breakfast every other Sunday at one of the many restaurants.

When CityCoin is purchased with Promises, it vests incrementally, as that work is completed.

Trading work early in time, before production begins, allows us to specialize without passing tokens while also solving the “simultaneous coincidence of wants” problem that faces typical barter.

This creates a real and direct insurance for each good and service produced in this way and inverts the usual incentives of scarcity and destruction toward our natural and original goals of abundance and permanent solutions.

In the regular market, mechanics, plumbers and dentists need customers with broken cars, pipes, teeth to insure the tokens continue to flow. But if those workers can instead commit “up front” to fix any trouble that might occur in the future, they then hope you never have any trouble at all, since they have received your commitments either way.

Automation and robots can be used to safely reduce work in this scenario because each group only wants the results.

Work is returned to it’s natural position as a problem we want to minimize instead of being a confused as social goal itself.

Anyone may apply for any job, but skill must proven and each group may enforce any other arbitrary requirements.

A guild system might help determine worker skill levels and offer free access to educational media and paid apprenticeships. Guilds would protect owners by spreading quality and fulfillment risks across groups of workers.

The job auction code needs to be written…

====Profit
Any owner may sell any amount of Product at any price, but some percentage of that Profit must be treated as an investment from that payer into issuing more CityCoin titles, or to buy CityCoin titles from others.

This safely reduces Profit within the system as the Property required for production is incrementally redistributed t

====App Ideas
{List all Products currently in funding stage and accepting new investors}

>> User clicks on a Product to show details

Buy unvested CityCoin titles with:

[[Money]] or [[Work]]

If paying with work, User is shown a list of all jobs offered by all groups within the city, limited by path-of-trade between you and this product.

User requests some Product at a projected rate, such as:

>>1 Dozen Large Grade AA Eggs per week.

The user is then shown Real Estate usable for that production, sorted by those nearest their current location by default.o the users of those Products.

====Definitions
Property: All the land and tools and other non-human inputs needed to make a Product.
Promise : A commitment from a skilled human to achieve goals toward making a Product.
Product: A *projected* quantity and quality of some good or service across time.
Profit: Any amount paid by a consumer beyond the real costs of production.
Costs: All Property and Promises actually consumed and all other externalities.
Surplus: Any amount of Product the current owner will not use directly.
Group: Each city is composed of many overlapping property groups. You would only own bees if you wanted honey.

Quality of Life
The QoL Tier system is an estimation of the minimum Property and Promises required for the health and comfort of each citizen.

Tier0: Enough to wash, eat, sleep, work.
Tier1: More.
