2021-02-21: Trying to write a pitch deck.

2021-02-21: p2p.chat

2021-02-20: Cyph is a cryptographically secure messaging and social networking service, providing an extreme level of privacy combined with best-in-class ease of use.

"'Cyph’s patented technology — built by former SpaceX engineers, audited by Cure53, and the basis of research presentations at Black Hat and DEF CON — uniquely allows Cyph to solve the major security and usability limitations of conventional solutions.'" -- https://github.com/cyph/cyph

2021-02-11: Refining the For Product model.

2021-02-11: https://www.game-b.org/posts/11773219

Hey all,

I was thinking about the many ways money flows 'up' in GameA and how we might address these back-currents of rent, profit and interest.

For example, in GameA, when someone owns an 'extra' house (essentially proving they own more than they need), they can collect rent from those who do not own. 

Could we build a ProtoB where every person actually* owns the land required for their housing to avoid paying rent?

Thinking further about this, imagine we make special corporations, each wholly owned by the consumers of those exact products, then instead of buying those products from that corporation, each of these special shareholders would accept the product itself as the natural return on investment (ROI) and thereby avoid paying profit for those products.

Finally, if we sell the products we intend to make, before we make them, we can avoid paying interest on the funding required to buy the land and tools required to create such a ProtoB.  This part is essentially rewards-based crowdfunding.

What do you think?  Are these realistic goals?

[*] This does not include land under mortgage, that is 'oweing', not 'owning'.

Sincerely,
Patrick

2021-02-02: Build-on-Error
User asks for a product the system doesn't know.
The system asks the user for a recipe.
The user does their best to describe what they understand.
If the engineering is unclear, other users may need to help.
If the supply-chain can be constructed, pre-sales can begin.

2021-02-02: 
https://forum.storj.io/t/what-is-storj-policies-on-parler-and-such-sites/11356

2021-02-02:
Bob Parr (Customer Support for InsuraCare) --  [somber, thoughtful]: "We are supposed to help people."
Gilbert Huph (Boss) -- [angry, pleading]: "We are supposed to help OUR people, starting with our Stockholders, Bob!"
https://youtu.be/QhfFoM1FfYc?t=51

...

Imagine a system where every customer is also a stockholder.
But they own these shares for a very different reason.
It is the same reason we try to own anything we use.
When you own it, you only pay the real costs.
Profit is undefined when Product is ROI.
