2019-08-07: ■□▢▣▤▥▦▧▨▩

Each □ represents 1 ft² of real land.

The □ DAO is fed real-estate listings.

For each parcel,
  for every 1 ft²,
    the DAO mints 1 □

Some □ must be auctioned for $ to pay for land and tools.
  These □ vest as production is completed.

The rest must be auctioned for future work to secure that labor.
  These □ vest as work is completed.

  For each work unit,
    pay increase as the end-date of the funding round approaches.

  To insure the health and safety of all participants,
    Each worker must be allow immediate access to enough □
    required to maintain a Basic Outcome of food, shelter, etc.

For each parcel,
  once all □ are sold,
    land and tools are purchased,
      production begins!

User-Driven Continuous Funding replaces
the representation and tax+vote routine.


2019-08-07:
We will use property ownership to pre-allocate products
to those who knew they would need them
and could pay with work or $.

You will fund a specific orchard
when you want that kind of fruit.

We will own a land flowing with milk and honey
when we finally own the land, cattle and bees!


2019-08-07: Medium.com/giveth/introducing-the-commons-stack-scalable-infrastructure-for-community-collaboration-6886eb97413e >>continuous funding through membership investment, and in return offering common ownership and shared decision making in the use of those funds for effective realization of community goals.

Let's combine "decision making" with "funding" to create a User-Driven system.

Each citizen both "pays taxes" and "votes" on how they are spent by simply funding the products they want.

Later, as more property ownership 'settles' into the hands of consumers,
most funding will be paid by applying work somewhere else in the system.

2019-08-07:
We can crowdfund the acquisition of farmland and tools
to build the the Basic Outcome we each require,
and so lay the foundation of a GNU society.

Imagine ▦Coin as a semi-fungible stable coin,
each representing restricted access to 1 ft² of real property.

Auction starting at $1 USD to fund $43,560 per acre of land.

A User-Driven Continuous Funding model
could replace some of the tax+vote routine.


2019-08-07:
Take a walk.
Now look at the ground.
For each square, who is the owner?
I don't own any.  Do you?

They told me I owned
but I only just owed.

The mortgage (death grip)
uses property against users.

If own INPUTS because we need OUTPUTS,
product ownership can be preallocated.

Just as the owner of a single chicken owns all the
work, entertainment, eggs and meat it provides,
we could own flocks in groups to never buy again.


2019-08-07: https://medium.com/@jeffemmett

2019-08-06: git clone https://github.com/FEMBusinessModelsRing/web3_revenue_primitives.git

2019-08-06: ▦Coin use Targeted Continuous Funding to replace most of taxation and voting.
