2020-12-17: FoodSystemVisionPrize.org 

2020-12-17: Happonomy.org

2020-12-17: GuyJames.com
"'Ruminations on GameB, P2P, collapse, regenerative cultures, psychedelics and music. Idle speculations you are doing well to ignore.'"

2020-12-17: FormsOfOwnership.com
"'Forms of Ownership is a research agency and think tank consisting of lawyers, economists, scientists and artists. We undertake advanced investigations in socio-economic relationships and structures for development. Our work explores new forms of organisation to respond to technological and political challenges.'"

2020-12-17: Wikipedia.org/wiki/Estates_of_the_realm
"'The estates of the realm, or three estates, were the broad orders of social hierarchy used in Christendom (Christian Europe) from the medieval period to early modern Europe. Different systems for dividing society members into estates developed and evolved over time.

The best known system is the French Ancien Régime (Old Regime), a three-estate system used until the French Revolution (1789–1799). The monarchy included the king and the queen, while the system was made up of clergy (The First Estate), nobles (The Second Estate), peasants and bourgeoisie (The Third Estate). In some regions, notably Scandinavia and Russia, burghers (the urban merchant class) and rural commoners were split into separate estates, creating a four-estate system with rural commoners ranking the lowest as the Fourth Estate. Furthermore, the non-landowning poor could be left outside the estates, leaving them without political rights. In England, a two-estate system evolved that combined nobility and clergy into one lordly estate with "commons" as the second estate. This system produced the two houses of parliament, the House of Commons and the House of Lords. In southern Germany, a three-estate system of nobility (princes and high clergy), knights, and burghers was used. In Scotland, the Three Estates were the Clergy (First Estate), Nobility (Second Estate), and Shire Commissioners, or "burghers" (Third Estate), representing the bourgeois, middle class, and lower class. The Estates made up a Scottish Parliament.

Today the terms three estates and estates of the realm may sometimes be re-interpreted to refer to the modern separation of powers in government into the legislature, administration, and the judiciary. Additionally the term fourth estate usually refers to forces outside the established power structure (evoking medieval three-estate systems), most commonly in reference to the independent press or media. Historically, in Northern and Eastern Europe, the Fourth Estate meant rural commoners.'"

2020-12-17: The Purpose of Property
Consumers buy a few things to avoid paying profit,
and organize groups for some enconomy-of-scale,
but rarely own land and tools For Product.

2020-12-17:
Free the Sources of Production!
As robots do more work, who should own the land?

2020-12-16: "Scaling Byzantine Fault Tolerance  Pavlovic, Matej  2019" https://infoscience.epfl.ch/record/270109

2020-12-11:
Organisms are a recursive mesh of patterns-of-patterns-of-patterns somehow defined by genetic 'code'.

But instead of just massive sheets of centrally-controlled, mindless molecular structure, plants and animals are composed of trillions of individuated cells which are both *limited in size* and yet *sufficiently complex* for each to be nearly autonomous.

These semi-sovereign cells specialize to form organs which form organisms which form organizations, to achieve ever larger goals.

                ...

Humans are organisms too, but our grouping code has been confused by symbols and tokens.

2020-12-10:
Sell Future Products to buy raw land without debt.
Trade work early to control essential production.
Food and shelter from permaculture and low tech.
Vest land to workers as they make it happen.
Workers become owners to avoid paying rent.
Build forests of food around homes we own.
In groups controlled by those co-owners.

2020-12-06: Making a Non-Profit
https://calnonprofits.org/10-feature-articles/201-step-by-step-guide-for-starting-a-california-nonprofit

Check Name: http://kepler.sos.ca.gov
Reserve Name:  http://www.sos.ca.gov/business/corp/pdf/naavreservform.pdf

2. Articles of Incorporation
(a) Name
(b) Purpose
(c) Agent
(d) Limitations on corporate powers.

http://www.sos.ca.gov/business/corp/pdf/articles/arts-pb.pdf).

http://www.nonprofitlawblog.com/home/2012/11/starting-a-nonprofit-articles-of-incorporation-and-specific-purpose-statements.html

4. Bylaws
(b) How directors are elected or otherwise selected (e.g., by majority vote of directors at the annual board meeting);
(c) How the board may take an action (e.g., by majority vote of directors);
(d) How board meetings are called and noticed (e.g., six times per year with 14 days advance notice by email);
(e) How board meetings are conducted (e.g., the chair of the board presides);
(f) The officers of the corporation (a president or chair of the board, secretary, and treasurer or chief financial officer are required by California law);
(g) The duties and responsibilities of each officer;
(h) The authorization of board and non-board committees (e.g., committees tasked to act with the authority of the board versus committees that can only make recommendations);
(i) The level of indemnification provided by the corporation to protect its directors, officers and other agents; and
(j) The reports due to directors (e.g., financial reports).

voting members
member rights and processes

"'Annotated Form of Bylaws for a California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation'" -- PublicCounsel.org/publications?id=0060

Separately articulated policies commonly supplement the bylaws in addressing key governance and management issues. For example, although not required by federal tax law, it is considered to be a best practice for any nonprofit to have an adopted conflict of interest policy. Additionally, a nonprofit must describe its policy regarding conflicts of interest in the IRS Form 1023. Accordingly, it would be advantageous for most nonprofits to adopt a policy similar to the sample policy provided in Appendix A of the Instructions to Form 1023 (http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1023.pdf).

5. Take the initial board actions at a board meeting or by unanimous written consent of the directors. The board should take the following actions:

(a) Adopt the bylaws and conflict of interest policy;
(b) Elect officers;
(c) Adopt a fiscal year (such as a year ending December 31 or June 30);
(d) Approve establishing a bank account;
(e) Approve applying for federal and state tax-exempt status;
(f) Approve reimbursement of startup expenses (if applicable); and
(g) Approve the compensation of the executive director (CEO) or the treasurer (CFO) (if applicable).

6. Obtain an employer identification number (EIN). An officer or authorized third party designee may apply for and obtain an EIN online (http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&;-Self-Employed/Apply-for-an-Employer-Identification-Number-(EIN)-Online).

7. File the initial registration form (Form CT-1) with the California Attorney General’s Registry of Charitable Trusts. This annual registration is required for the majority of nonprofit public benefit corporations and must be filed within 30 days after receipt of assets. The Form and Instructions are available online (http://oag.ca.gov/charities/forms). The corporation’s articles of incorporation and bylaws should be included in the initial filing. The Form 1023 application and federal determination letter (Step 9) should be submitted upon receipt of the determination letter to complete the filing. Check out this livestream webinar from the Attorney General's office on March 26th at 1pm: https://oag.ca.gov/charities/initialregistration-live.

8. File the Statement of Information (Form SI-100) with the Secretary of State. The Statement must initially be filed within 90 days of the date of incorporation. This biennial filing requirement, which identifies the organization’s address, principal officers, and agent for service of process, can be filed online (https://businessfilings.sos.ca.gov/) or by mail.

9. Apply for federal tax exemption with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and receive a determination letter from the IRS. Completing the Form 1023 application for exempt status under Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 501(c)(3) (http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1023.pdf) may be the most challenging part of the startup process. It is a legally-driven and comprehensive inquiry covering 11 Parts and 8 Schedules. A critical section for careful completion is Part IV, Narrative Description of Your Activities, which asks (http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1023.pdf):

For each past, present, or planned activity, include information that answers the following questions.

What is the activity?
Who conducts the activity?
When is the activity conducted?
Where is the activity conducted?
How does the activity further your exempt purposes?
What percentage of your total time is allocated to the activity?
How is the activity funded?

List any alternate names under which you operate, including any “aka” (also known as) or “dba” (doing business as) names.

Form 1023 also requires information regarding (a) organizational structure; (b) compensation and other financial arrangements with officers and directors, and certain highly paid employees and independent contractors; (c) members and other individuals and organizations that receive benefits from the organization; (d) organizational history (e.g., an organization that was spun off or previously fiscally sponsored by another organization may need to complete an additional schedule as a successor organization); (e) specific activities; and (f) actual and/or projected statement of revenues and expenses (which should be consistent with any identified activities).

Part X is designed to determine the organization’s classification as either a private foundation or a public charity. Public charity status is generally the more favorable tax status, but requires an organization to meet certain requirements. For most organizations, this means passing a public support test over a five-year measuring period. For organizations that will receive a large bulk of their support from few sources over their first five years, monitoring and managing of the public support ratio may be critically important. Public Charity Status Simplified (a little) is a helpful online resource from Insight Center for Community Economic Development (http://www.insightcced.org/uploads/publications/legal/public_charity_status_simplified.pdf).

The filing fee for Form 1023 is currently $850 for all but the smallest organizations.

The IRS may typically take 3-4 months or longer to process a Form 1023 application for exempt status. However, the waiting period may be much longer if the application contains errors, omissions, or other information that require additional development by a special IRS department. The IRS application process is further explained on its Where Is My Exemption Application website (http://www.irs.gov/Charities-&-Non-Profits/Where-Is-My-Exemption-Application%3F).

10. Apply for California tax exemption with the California Franchise Tax Board (FTB) and receive an affirmation of exemption letter from the FTB. Organizations with a 501(c)(3) federal determination letter can request California affirmation of tax exemption under California Revenue & Taxation Code section 23701d from the FTB by filing Form 3500A along with a copy of the IRS determination letter. The FTB will recognize the organization’s exemption from state income taxes as of the federal effective date. An organization that does not have a 501(c)(3) federal determination letter is otherwise required to file the more complicated Form 3500 for state income tax exemption. There is no fee for Form 3500A and a $25 fee for Form 3500.
https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/misc/3500a.pdf
'"

IRS.gov/instructions/i1023
IRS.gov/pub/irs-tege/organization_reference_chart_from_p557.pdf
Mission Statement, Business Purpose, Statement of Intent
Corporate Charter, Articles of Incorporation

Name of corporation: Future Productions  Future-Productions.github.io
Registered Agent: Patrick T. Anderson
Incorporator: Patrick T. Anderson
Board of Directors:
Corporate Structure: Nonprofit 501 c
Number and type of shares:
Stock Par Value:
Duration of corporation: Perpetual

2020-12-06:
Sell future products to buy land without debt.
Sign work agreements to gain a Basic Outcome.
Complete work agreements to gain land ownership.
Own land and swap work to own future products.
Produce any* good or service on that land.
(*) Constrained by co-owners, pollution, externalities, external governments, etc.
