2020-11-01: How and when to issue earthChange?

2020-10-22:
      Tokens do not flow
     when you really own.
      Rent is undefined
     when owner occupied.
Wikipedia.org/wiki/Imputed_rent

2020-10-17: Wikipedia.org/wiki/Estates_of_the_realm

2020-10-17: "'As with slaves, serfs could be bought, sold, or traded, with some limitations: they generally could be sold only together with land (with the exception of the kholops in Russia and villeins in gross in England who could be traded like regular slaves), could be abused with no rights over their own bodies, could not leave the land they were bound to, and could marry only with their lord's permission.

Serfs who occupied a plot of land were required to work for the lord of the manor who owned that land. In return, they were entitled to protection, justice, and the right to cultivate certain fields within the manor to maintain their own subsistence."'  Wikipedia.org/wiki/Serfdom

2020-10-07: Token Flow Indicates Mis-Allocated Land or Mis-Scheduled Labor.

From Econ101 we know    Land + Labor = Goods & Services
Consumers buy Goods and Services because the do not already own them.

When you own Land (as Property Titles), you own future Goods.
When you own Labor (as Work Agreements), you own future Services.

2020-10-03: Future Productions

2020-10-03:
Hi Marcin,

I am assembling a team to design a business model using private property ownership, work agreements and user-predicted production to address limitations in current economic structures.

Open Source licenses for hardware are essential to our abundant future, but do not provide users with the material resources required to implement those plans.

Future Productions is the vehicle to expand the GVCS vision and help it grow.

We use legally-binding agreements to create a series of User Owned villages under the direct control of those inhabitants.

. Work-to-vote replaces taxation with adirect governance
. Future goods and services are governed by those who commit to achieve that production.
. Future goods and services as sold (crowdfunding) to buy land and tools without debt.
. Land ownership vests to workers as that production is completed.


