2020-01-31: The reason I have been in love with C=64 and Blog.ScottLogic.com/2017/12/13/chip8-emulator-webassembly-rust.html

2020-01-28: Playing with pyxel.

2020-01-27: GrassRootsEconomics.org/single-post/2020/01/12/Investment-in-CICs

2020-01-27:
We gotta go own
property properly.

Just as the GNU GPL
uses Copyright,
we can use Property Rights
to insure access to the
Sources of Production.

Then trade Work Agreements
before production begins
to solve most barter.

2020-01-27: sudo pip3 install arcade

2020-01-25: Source Ownership and Work Agreements insure Future Products.

2020-01-25: Time-delay as a trust+value mechanism:
Own Sources and trade Future Work to insure Future Products.

2020-01-25: 🎭 Actor Role Duality

When the 🌳 owner
 is the 🍎 eater,
there is no sale.

The price that consumer pays
is the costs that owner paid.

Within this strange scenario,
  profit does not exist.

When consumers own Sources because they need Products,
   they pay only the real costs of that production.

When Consumers are Owners
  tokens need not flow?

But what about the poor workers?
  Every worker is a consumer!

Workers must own Sources *because they are consumers*.
Each must own a part of the farm, mill and bakery to own bread.

2020-01-24: New name:  Future Products Foundation

2020-01-24: 💎

2020-01-24: Instaneer Construction Kit enables tinker-toy solutions from of-the-shelf parts through a physics-enabled 3D playground of blocks, clay, paint, cloth, belts, etc.

Actions are constrained by real-world limitations to insure realistic design.

Once the design is finished, click the 'Manufacture' button to start the crowdfunding campaign to collect the money and skills required for that production.

This can enable the disassembly and reuse of so many discarded machines and junkyard treasures.

2020-01-23: Looking at github.com/superpowers

2020-01-20:
== Vertically-Integrated Supply-Chain Acquisition and Management (VISCAM).

== Structure
Organize the production of food, housing, soap, cloth and basic medical care.
Sell these Future Products *before they are made* to collect the work and money required for that production.
Use the money to buy Sources (land, water-rights, seed, startups supplies, etc.) without debt.
Vest Sources to those who complete Work Agreements.

== Value Proposition
Pay money or sign Work Agreements to buy Future Products.
Complete Work Agreements to gain Source Ownership.
Insure Future Products by owning Sources and trading Work Agreements.
Trade Work Agreements early to barter without passing tokens.
Own Sources before production enables 

== Profit Sharing Strategy
Sell surplus to outsiders for profit.
Some profit can reward early investors.
Some profit must be that payer's invesment.

== Social Benefits
Users drive the production of nearly any goal.
Work is resaddled as the only investment vehicle.
Food, housing, clothing, medical care, education.

This calms the market for predicted products,
localizes production and stabilizes community
and so reduces some types of stress and crime.

Economy is aligned with ecology toward real solutions.
Profit will mostly confined to the "growth-edge"

== Governance
The usual Tax-Vote cycle is replaced by Focused-Funding allowing each user to add work or money to achieve 'public' goals.

Anyone can start or join a campaign.

Want a pothole fixed?  Pay with money to buy the Sources or sign a Work Agreement to achieve that production, or, more likely, some production within the network for which you qualify and have a 'value-connection'.

Sharing Source is optional but sometimes worth it.

== Limitations
Profit-Sharing fails when the payer is not user.

Workers gain immediate Source access which vests as work is completed.

Sources must not be sold for products or Future Products or for fiat

While you can buy Future Products with either work or money,
Sources can only change ownership by completing Work Agreements.

You can give gifts, but this contract forbids
selling Sources for and money or token.


2020-01-20: Thinking about a Lemmings-like game {switchable between Top-Down, Side-Scrolling and First-Person} to compare economic and ecologic systems.

2020-01-18: Phone app idea for "chat bots" that continuously listen to the conversation in the room and talk as though they were there without prompting.  Like Alexa or Siri, but instead of needing to ask them directly, they offer advice at their own discretion.

Various personalities such as Mr. Know it all, Drunk Bastard, Silly Simon, Lying Larry, Grumpy Grampa, Nosey Grandma, ... each trying to be helpful in their own way.

I really want the Nosey Grandma to help me when driving since the Maps app is terrible at letting me know what is coming up.  I want her to be like "You better get over, the offramp is in half a mile!".

2020-01-17: "'W3 academic lecture - Josh Ryan-Collins: Economic rent, land and housing'" YouTube.com/watch?v=RX-AzKgUEWk

2020-01-11: Async.HackAlong.io/t/abundance-protocol-theos-io/33/21 (edited)
We have been taught the workers must be the owners.  Hmm...

Instead of the the farmer owning the farm, the miller owning the mill, and the baker owning the bakery,

imagine the people who know they need bread each owns a part of the farm, the mill and the bakery.

We can use property ownership over the INPUTS of production
to "pre-allocate" the OUTPUTS to those who will use them.

When the consumers of a product:
1. Own the Means of that Production and
2. Accept the product itself as the return on that investment,
that product is not sold (except surplus), for it is already the property of those who will use it!

This special arrangements eliminates the usual need to buy/sell that product and so eliminates profit in a natural way - leaving those special shareholders happy that they were able to *avoid* paying profit they would have otherwise paid if they had bought that product from the market.

This also prepares us for robots 🤖 that can plant, harvest 🌾, transport 🚚, grind, mix 🛠 and bake 🍞 without our help.

We can own farms and factories and wells and refineries because we simply need the results, instead of owning for the tired game of attempting to overcharge each other.

We, as consumers, already pay all the costs of production (and even more when we pay profit), so it is easy to see we can afford to be the owners once we realize the dream of worker ownership was an accidental or purposeful misdirection on our road to Free as in Freedom physical production!
