== Overview
Earth Change is a new way for groups to own and control the production they need.

The Earth Change DAO issues and sells Source Titles to acquire land, tools and work required to create a series of private cities under the full control of those citizen owners.

Some investors will pay with traditional money to buy the land and tools,
while others pay with commitments of work needed to create those products.


=== Terms of Operation
Property becomes Product: The owner of INPUTS is the owner of OUTPUTS automatically.
Money becomes Property: Consumers become source owners when they pay early with traditional money.
Promises become Property: Workers become source owners as they complete work commitments.
Profit becomes Property: Consumers become source owners when they pay late while buying surplus product.


==== Property becomes Product
Each source owner accepts the product itself as the direct and natural return on investment, thereby avoiding the usual selling and buying of that finished commodity.

>>        Just as the owner of a tree owns all of that fruit,
>>    each co-owner of an orchard owns his portion of that fruit.

The price each pays as a consumer is exactly the costs each paid as an source owner while the final sale is eliminated, leaving profit undefined.

Instead of selling the product to another consumer, the product has been pre-distributed to the consumer who predicted they would need it. There is no sale because it is already the individuated property of that consumer/owner.

This allows groups to operate at zero profit even while all shareholders remain satisfied. Notice the numeric compensation is approximately the same as a For Profit investment, but inverted in that the consumer avoids paying profit for that product.

Subgroups must be allowed to secede from the majority when the property is realistically divisible to promote localized control and inhibit Tyranny of the Majority.


==== Money becomes Property
Similar to crowdfunding, consumers prepay for future goods and services with traditional money, but instead of just receiving one round of production, they become the real property owners of the land and tools that will be purchased for that future production.

Investor == Owner == Consumer
Each investor becomes a source owner.
Each source owner becomes a product owner.
Each product owner may consume or sell that product.
Some profit must be treated as the payer's investment.

But this is also fundamentally different from equity-based crowdfunding because of the reason the investor is taking a risk.

They take risk to *avoid* paying the profit they would otherwise pay when attempting to purchase that product on the regular market.

This (imperfectly) ensures the future production of that product, and so acts as a more direct alternative to traditional insurance.


==== Promises become Property
Workers invest when they commit to achieve work within the city.

Every worker is guaranteed access to Tier0 in return for immediate access to some* Source Titles vesting as those promises are completed, thereby avoiding excessive price and rent usually paid for food and housing.

Every worker is a consumer who must also own property to control the products he must consume.

Workers promise to accomplish future goals and receive property as those promises are fulfilled. This replaces the rent or mortgage that would otherwise take most of the wages.

Vested property can be used as collateral to access even more valuable property under this work-to-own scheme.


==== Profit becomes Property
Any owner may sell surplus product and even collect profit, but some of that profit must be invested for that very same paying user to buy newly issued Source Titles, or to buy Source Titles being offered for sale by other owners.

This causes all users to incrementally gain the property ownership required to finally also control the production they need and receive those products at cost.


== Phases
==== PREBOOT
Search real estate listings to meet the many requirements such as: minimum size, maximum price, fitness for permaculture, zoning restrictions, water rights, mineral rights, taxes, fees, etc.

Start crowdfunding pre-campaign to ask workers and other investor where they prefer to build.

Finalize parcel selection and mint Source Titles against each square foot.

==== BOOT
Start real crowdfunding campaign to begin selling Source Titles to workers and other investors.

Reach agreement over general structure of the city such as a central meeting place, major roads, nature preserves, strict borders, pollution restrictions, and any other constraints this group may decide to enforce upon itself.

==== START
Purchase land, tools and startup supplies, including primary bulk food ingredients such as bushels of grains, legumes, raw potatoes, bales of herbs and spices etc. to cook large, cheap but nutritious shared meals and begin soap and cloth making.

Workers may move onsite immediately, but may need to use tents, cafeteria style dining and temporary sanitation facilities while the first shared structures are built and support systems are established.

==== STASIS
The city can support Tier0 without external trade.
Begin building private structures such as tiny houses.
Install slow-maturing plants and animals with uses beyond food.

==== SOVEREIGN
 The city can support Tier1 without external trade.

==== SURPLUS
The city produces more than it consumes.

Investment Types (3 ways to pay)
1. Pay with commitments of traditional money to crowdfund the debt-free
 purchase of real estate and tools from the regular market.

2. Pay with commitments to work in the future for others within the city.
 This cause you, the worker, to receive immediate access to enough
 Source Titles to sustain at least Tier0 quality of life.
 Vesting occurs as promises are kept, causing all workers to gain
 debt-free housing and food security.

3. Pay in a sort of ‘accidental’ way when you buy surplus product
 from other owners and pay more than the real costs of production.
 Owners selling surplus are required to buy Source Titles with
 some of their profits, and vest ownership of those titles to you,
 the payer. //[[How should we determine the minimum percentage?]]



== Definitions
==== Products
Each owner of Property is owner of future Product in that same ratio.

For example, if you own 3% of the hives, you own 3% of the future honey.

Each Product instance has a window-of-validity in time enforced by constraints on production and on the lifetime of the product.

For example, a young tree does not produce fruit immediately, and the fruit is not fresh forever.

Source Titles issued to workers may not vest if quality or quantity projections are not met. Projections must be adjusted for reasons outside the worker’s control such as such as severe weather, fire, earthquake, accidents, etc.

==== Property
A variety of city design templates following permaculture principles could help guide core decisions around borders, roads, shared structures, etc.

The market price of each newly issued Source Title is based on:
1. The market price of the Property required for that production.
2. The market price of the Promises required for that production.

This means those paying with traditional money are implicitly also buying *other* Source Titles used to compensate workers.

For example, those paying with traditional money for “1 Gallon of milk per month” must pay the market-price of the land, tools, cattle, water rights, etc., recursively, for all that production.

But that is only *part* of the cost.  The other cost is human labor.

So the Earth Change DAO calculates the amount of human labor required to build and operate a dairy (or is fed this info by humans) and then increases the selling price to compensate those workers with their own Source Titles.

This means Source Titles bought with traditional money must be priced high enough to buy the property required for that production, and to *also* buy other property which will vest to workers as they complete that work.

The price of work is auctioned and increases as the crowdfunding end-date approaches.

Each group must insure every worker is qualified, especially for dangerous jobs.

Each worker must be able to commit the minimum Promises required to meet Tier0 quality of life else they cannot live onsite.

Each owner must pay initial and recurring costs of production in one of these ways:
. Supply Property or Promises for your portion of the costs of production for this group.
. Supply Property or Promises for your portion of the costs of production through another group which has a trade agreement with this group, and recursively, to any depth.
. Sell (or allow to be sold) enough of your Product to cover the costs of production.
. Secede from the group and retain your portion of the property under your own terms (within the limits of realistic divisibility).

For the safety of all citizens, every citizen must receive at least enough Source Titles to ensure Tier0 quality of life.

====Promises
Promises are commitments of future work which are traded for Source Titles or for Promises from others to work for you in the future.

For example, you might commit to pick fruit in the orchard during harvest season, drive a bus during the week, and cook breakfast every other Sunday at one of the many restaurants.

When Source Titles are purchased with work commitments, it vests incrementally, as that work is completed.

Trading work early in time, before production begins, allows us to specialize without passing tokens while also solving the “simultaneous coincidence of wants” problem that faces typical barter.

This creates a real and direct insurance for each good and service produced in this way and inverts the usual incentives of scarcity and destruction toward the natural goals of abundance and permanent solutions.

This contrasts with the regular market where mechanics, plumbers and dentists need customers with broken cars, pipes, teeth to insure tokens continue to flow.

When workers commit early to apply any work needed in the future, they hope you never have any trouble at all, since they have received your commitments either way.

Using the For Product model, work is returned to it’s natural position as a problem to minimize instead of being a confused as goal itself.

Automation and robots can be used to safely reduce work in this scenario because each group only wants the results.

Anyone may apply for any job, but skill must proven and each group may enforce any other arbitrary requirements.

A guild system might help determine worker skill levels and offer free access to educational media and paid apprenticeships. Guilds would protect owners by spreading quality and fulfillment risks across groups of workers.


====Profit
Any owner may sell any amount of product at any price, but some percentage of that profit must be treated as the payer's investment by purchasing Source Titles for that payer and giving those Source Titles to that payer.

This safely reduces Profit within the system as the Property required for production is incrementally redistributed to the consumers who need the results.


=Governance
The Earth Change DAO web interface lets you pay with money or work commitments to buy future products.

At first the DAO does not know how to turn a request for honey into land, hives and bees, so must be 'taught' the sources and skills are required for each product.

The DAO then searches the internet to price those sources and skills to set the minimum bid for each coin.

It then issues Source Titles against those products and sells those coins to buy the sources.

These special owners of sources are the owners of products even before they are created.  They do do not buy the products from a central authority.  There is no central authority.

For example, if you own N% of an orchard, you own N% of the fruit without purchase.


==Timeline
The Earth Change DAO issues Source Titles representing real property ownership in the land and tools needed to accomplish that production.

The DAO then issues Work Orders to gather the human effort required for that production.  Any person or group may apply for that work.

Finally the DAO issues Product Tickets representing the projected quality and quantity of each finished product, and deposits them into the accounts of each Source Title owner.

Once all the Source Titles are sold and all Work Orders filled, the property is purchased and production can begin.

This "For Product" business model attracts investors to own the inputs because they want the outputs.

Property ownership in Sources is used to "pre-distribute" the Product to each who predicted they would need it.

The usual transaction of consumer purchase is eliminated for those owners, for that product; so the price each pays as a consumer is exactly the costs each paid as a co-owner and profit is undefined since the sale does not occur.

You own the same percentage of that future product as you own of those Sources.

Owners may sell surplus directly, and profit should be collected to inhibit middle-men, but some percentage must be treated as that payer's investment.

To reduce waste, subscriptions may be designed so the DAO will automatically auction surplus Product Tickets as their expiration date approaches.

Each owner must periodically cross-commit the inputs required for the ongoing costs of production for all of the outputs they expect, else lose some of that ownership to compensate co-owners for those costs.

For example, each co-owner of a dentist office must cross-commit the sources and promises needed to keep that office operational.

This usually just means you will commit to work somewhere in the system to buy the products you need, with the DAO resolving all the details about the Sources and Skills required for that production.

Products that are not yet produced on-site must be purchased from external vendors while we also try to buy the sources of those products so we move closer toward productive sovereignty.

For example, you might buy feed for cattle and chickens at first, would also begin growing those plants to localize that production.

The initial boot-up phase may require workers live in tents as they build the first permanent structures and prepare cafeteria meals from bulk purchases until the agriculture is productive enough.

We can eventually grow all the inputs required for food, soap, cloth, medicine, and building materials on site, but this could take years for some products so initially must buy off-the-shelf solutions for sanitation, shelter, food, clothing, first-aid, etc.


== Requirements
Estimate the quantity and quality food, housing, sanitation, clothing, basic health-care, child care, transportation, etc. needed to support on-site workers.

Estimate the sources and promises needed for that production and issue Source Titles toward those goals.

Sell about half of those Source Titles for traditional money, and the other half for commitments of future work.

Part of the property must be the land, water, tools, organisms, lumber, wire, pipe, etc. needed to create and operate the Earth Change city.

The rest must be 'bootup' goods such as tents, bulk-food, used clothing, first-aid kits, etc. needed to support workers until the agriculture is productive and before the permanent shelters are complete.

We may also need to secure commitments of some critical services that we cannot yet supply on-site such as advanced dental work, extended health care, long-distance travel, etc.


== Commentary
Potential users pre-pay to purchase land, water-rights, tools, plants, animals, etc. required to create basic goods and services they need such as food, shelter, cloth, soap, medicine, sanitation, basic health care including dentistry, optometry, etc.

Some pre-pay with traditional money buy the land and tools while others pre-pay by commiting to complete the needed work.

After some amount of time, or some series of events [these conditions are currently unknown] the Source Titles should vest more fully to the payer, allowing him to eventually sell them or negotiate with other co-owners to rezone the property.

At some point, and under certain constraints, and mostly to resolve disputes, subgroups must finally be allowed to secede (fork/split) from the group while retaining Property ownership.

Every investor (whether of sources or skills) becomes a real co-owner and receives the product itself as a natural return for those investments.  Each co-owner of the sources is co-owner of the products in that same amount.

That leaves profit to be treated as payer investment in more sources - to become the real property of that consumer - causing him to incrementally gain the ownership in sources required to finally stop buying that product late, but instead pay the costs early and then own the product as a side-effect of owning the sources.

This auto-distributes ownership to those who pay for that growth.

In this way we treat profit as misallocated property that is 'reflected' back to the buyer as ownership in sources.  This investment in sources must not be replaced by giving the buyer extra product or as a lowered price, for such do not create the negative-feedback loop required to help consumers escape owner domination.


== Strategy
Attract middle-income Consumers to pre-pay for organic products and earth-friendly services.

Use part of the funds to buy cheap agricultural land without mortgage.
Use part of the funds to buy tools, plants, animals, water rights.
Use part of the funds to buy 'startup' needs of workers such as tents, bulk food, used clothing, first-aid materials, etc.

Attract Workers to build and operate the infrastructure by providing a "Basic Outcome" that covers all of: housing, utilities, transportation, food, water, medicine, clothing, basic health care, child-care, education, - eventually all the things the current corporations and governments fail to achieve.

Occupy that land with tents to begin planting and building.
If we qualify as non-profit we might avoid Property taxes.
Each Investor (whether money or work) becomes a co-owner.

If you want the studio apartment, a 5 minute shower, and very simple meals, you will not need to commit very much of your future labor.

If you want a 3-bedroom house, shares in the clubhouse and more elaborate meals, you will need to commit more of your future labor in order to compensate others for the extra work and land and tools required for that production.

The DAO does not pay wages in the traditional sense, but the worker *already owns* most of the goods and services he needs, so does not need to pass tokens.

We do not sell the Products (except Surplus) because all of that output is in the correct hands (is owned by those who will consume it) even before it is produced.

Investors become co-owners according to the value they commit as measured by the others in that group.

Each co-owner of Property is the co-owner of Products even before production is complete.  You might say they each own their portion of all *potential* Products.  You do not buy the Product from the Earth Change DAO, but instead just claim that which is already yours.

For example, if you like milk and honey, then you will eventually want co-ownership in cattle and bees and all other property such as land, barns, food crops, tools, etc. used to house and feed those organisms, and the things needed to create *those* inputs, recursively, through the entire tree of production.

Hybrid Option: Attract traditional Venture Capitalists, and pay them a % of profit when selling surplus.


== Workflow
Vision of a future product is proposed.
Engineering constraints are enforced to find a realistic implementation or variation.
The scale and level of vertical integration are estimated, balancing more immediate needs with longer term goals.
A 'recipe' for that production is written, listing the required Sources and Skills.
Source Titles are issued against those Sources.
Some of these Source Titles are sold to purchase the real estate and tools and plants and animals on the open market.
The rest of these Source Titles are sold to secure the Skills as work commitments.
Once we have all the commitments of Sources and Skills, we can begin production.

After the first round of production, Products are distributed to each investor based on their percentage of ownership.

Owners with surplus Product may sell to non-owners to cover costs of production and Profit may be collected from the non-owners (as much as the market will bear), but some of that profit must be treated as that payer's investment, causing them to gain Source Titles.

Workers are consumers who receive ownership in the Sources required to produce the Products they need.

For example, "Dental Ensurance" requires co-ownership in the land and capital needed to perform dentistry combined with promises of future labor from a qualified Dentist to fix your teeth in return for you working on his behalf somewhere else in the city, or on behalf of somebody else who will work on his behalf, and so on, to any depth.

Promising to work *before* production begins allows us to trade Labor between ourselves and never need to trade oranges with apples, since the co-owner of sources is the owner of that % of product even *before* it is produced.  This is "Predictive Barter" - where sources and skills are used to preallocate products to those who will consume them.

A functional Earth Change system will require enough "Horizontal Diversity" to allow us to 'pay' each other without needing to pass tokens.  For example, after we build a dentist office and buy the tools for simple dental procedures, we must attract or train some people that can operate those tools, and who are willing to commit to do that work for the 'pay' of gaining co-ownership in the property for housing, food, clothing, transportation, sanitation, etc. combined with commitments of others to operate that property for his benefit in return for his fixing their teeth.  Notice this fully replaces traditional insurance.

Vertical Integration increases local sovereignty by reducing the need to gather and spend external tokens. For example, we might buy feed for our chickens and cattle at first, but will also grow those plants to avoid the need to buy in the future.  We won't co-own mines or factories right away, so will just buy off-the-shelf tools while we are 'booting'.


==Potential Partners:
OneCommunityGlobal.org >>FOR THE HIGHEST GOOD OF ALL
Geoff Lawton of GeoffLawtonOnline.com
Marcin Jakubowski of OpenSourceEcology.org
Rob Hopkins of Transition-Lab.org
Richard Stallman of Stallman.org
UrbanFarmingGuys.org
UrbanGrowersCollective.org
FarmCommons.org
ValueFlo.ws

SFOSC.org

ManyVer.se >>A social network off the grid
Decentraland.org
EconomicSpace.Agency
Althea.org
Vote.district0x.io
Mattereum.com

blog.usejournal.com/crypto-commons-da602fb98138
Medium.com/daostack/introducing-eip-1480-access-control-standard-4362b4c2825e


==Private Cities
BlockChains.com [ Bitcoinist.com/millionaire-will-build-blockchain-smart-city-in-nevada ]
NEOM.com
KAEC.net
FreePrivateCities.com


==BUIDL with Solidity (write smart contracts)
zepkit.zeppelinos.org
github.com/androlo/solidity-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/2016-06-30-contract-oriented-programming-I.md
medium.com/crowdbotics/how-to-build-a-simple-capped-crowdsale-token-using-openzeppelin-library-part-1-2789ec642308
learnxinyminutes.com/docs/solidity/
ethereumdev.io
manojpramesh.github.io/solidity-cheatsheet
OpenZeppelin.org
forum.zeppelin.solutions
github.com/miguelmota/solidity-idiosyncrasies
solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.5.3/solidity-in-depth.html
topmonks.github.io/solidity_quick_ref
truffleframework.com/tutorials/pet-shop
github.com/willitscale/learning-solidity

==Deploy (migrate) to blockchain
github.com/vrde/ethnode
medium.com/coinmonks/5-minute-guide-to-deploying-smart-contracts-with-truffle-and-ropsten-b3e30d5ee1e
docs.zeppelinos.org/docs/deploying.html
embark.status.im/

==ICO
github.com/DRI-network/RICO/blob/master/resources/en/Complete%20Walkthrough.md

==DAO (D* Autonomous Org)
github.com/1Hive/Apiary
Medium.com/daostack/a-technical-analysis-of-the-genesis-alpha-hack-f8e34433c14b


==Visualization
github.com/UrsZeidler/uml2solidity >>A uml profile and a set of acceleo code generators to model smart contracts in uml and generate solidity code.
github.com/raineorshine/solgraph >>Generates a DOT graph that visualizes function control flow of a Solidity contract and highlights potential security vulnerabilities.

==Theory and mechanics
medium.com/@gavofyork/condition-orientated-programming-969f6ba0161a

hackernoon.com/a-hitchhikers-guide-to-consensus-algorithms-d81aae3eb0e3
github.com/poanetwork/wiki/wiki/What-is-POA

Since most coins are not backed by anything of value,they use consensus in an  attempt to control the validity of transactions stored on the chain and to control issuance.
Issuance
forum.zeppelin.solutions/t/how-to-implement-erc20-supply-mechanisms/226/1


==Funding/Grants/Donations
github.com/aragon/nest#how-to-submit-a-proposal-for-a-grant
github.com/aragon/nest/issues/48 $50k up to $100k for "Aragon Nest proposal: DAOs and the interaction with the physical world"



==Todo
Part of the system:
Employment portal for workers to learn, test and qualify for jobs and eventually sign Work Bonds.
Housing portal to find a place to live on-site.
Customer portal for those prepaying for products or buying surplus.
Investment portal for traditional investors seeking profit.
Donation portal for those who just want us to succeed.
Education portal to create and watch videos or articles.


==Older
Docs.Google.com/document/d/1s67rO5Okc5mjntVxKOG4WWVMhiHsQmRcwpvBVKZFfaA

==Notes
Source Titles sold at $1/ft² supply $42,650/acre to buy the land, tools and work (workers are paid with Source Titles, never directly with $).
Instead of representation, governance is direct control through commitments of property or promises toward public works (parallel, semi-continuous crowdfunding campaigns).

==See also
Facebook.com/Earth.Change.Page
KickStarter.com/projects/712902160/76969456/preview
Facebook.com/job_opening/1249675101854603
