See: For Product, Future Good, Future Value, Good Ticket🎫, Product Ticket🎫, Fractal Ownership, Fractal Productions

=                Future Productions
When occupier owns, rent is no more.

At the scale of home economics,
we own tools and plants and animals
to own those Future Products.

When you own a cow
*without purchase*, and so profit no longer flows.
Hmm, but what about all that work?
For predictable goods and services,
we can 'bind' work early in time
by signing legally-binding work contracts.
This solves the double-coincidence of wants,
but only for the things that we know we want.
We all need essential goods and services
to wash, eat, sleep and dress.

We can easily supply ourselves with all that we need
in groups of groups, and groups of groups of groups,
using large-scale ecosystem restoration techniques
to build permacultured cities owned and operated
by those citizen-owners through a set of opt-in,
semi-continuous parallel crowdfunding campaigns.

Want the pothole fixed?
Commit your skills into the system [not necessarily fixing potholes], and if there is a value-match between you and a person that can fix potholes, then you can pay-with-future-work to vote for it to happen.

Future Production is a not-yet-created good or service at some estimated quantity and quality and time-of-delivery.

Help users buy and govern land to regain control of production.
Help groups of groups (GoG) produce all essential goods and services.

Timeline:
Write the 3 Ledgers on paper or make Lexon.Tech emit to nano.org
Sell Future Products to buy raw land without debt.
Workers receive land ownership as they complete that production.
Workers trade future work when they buy Future Products.
When you own land, you own that same portion of those part Future Products.
Subgroups may split from a group when "realistic" as defined in the contract.

https://github.com/orgs/Future-Productions/teams/land-procurement
https://app.gitbook.com/@hackalong/s/transvestment/contributing-initiatives/for-future-product
