We restructure the flow of value during startup and production by changing how we buy, own, and govern land to create a user driven, pull economy.

We use a set of shared ledgers to securely record Products, Land and Work.

== The Product Ledger
This is a record of the quality and quantity of past and future production.
Groups auction future Products to crowdfund Land without debt.
Workers receive startup Products and future Products and future land ownership.

== The Land Ledger
This is a record of the property titles of current and future Land ownership.
Groups auction future Land ownership for future Labor signatures.
Workers receive Land ownership as production goals are met.

== The Work Ledger
This is a record of contract details and signatures of past and future Work.
Workers auction future Work signatures for future Land ownership.
Workers receive education, apprenticeship, teaming and standards.

User Journey:
  Buy future goods and services to initiate and control that production.
  Pay with money, just like crowdfunding, or by signing one or more work contracts.
  All of that money is used to buy land and tools without debt to begin production.
  Workers do not receive money, but instead receive real land ownership.
  During 'onramp', workers also receive a Basic Outcome of goods and services.
  Land vests to workers as the first round-of-production is completed.
  These land owners accept future goods and services as the natural ROI.
  Workers implicitly trade with other workers when they buy future goods and services.
  Permaculture and appropriate technology help ensure the essential infrastructure.

Phase 0: Land Quest
Find land for sale that can be used in this way.
For each parcel,
  List all goods and services to be produced onsite.
  Sell those future goods and services to buy the land.
  Subgroups decide layout of shared spaces and primary road access.
  Vest land ownership to workers who make those goods and services.

Phase 1: Tent City
The first wave of workers may live in mobile homes, yurts or even tents while building more permanent shelter, probably as larger shared structures.
Workers receive access to 'public' land, including roads planned as group decisions.
Each worker receives access to a personal, unshared portion of land to build a private home.

Phase 3: Tiny Town
Production is localized through vertically-integrated supply chains based on permaculture.
Abundance and permanent solutions emerge as economy and ecology align.
No debt is created, and debt you already have can be worked off.
Living without rent is obtainable...starting with the building team creating our dream

Phase 4: Fun Factory
Desktop manufacturing, 3D printing, cnc/robotics, etc.

Team
Permaculture: Geoff Lawton, John Liu, SantaCruzPermaculture.com
Automation and Robotics: Marcin Jakubowski
Appropriate Technology: Appropedia.org, OpenHardware.org
Digital Ledgers: CreditCommons.net/credit-commons.pdf
