Problem:
  We are accidentally destroying the planet as we struggle to pay rent.

Solution:
  Enable groups to own Land and trade Work for all the production they need.
  The DAO sell Coins to buy the Land, then vests the land to the Workers.
  The Ledgers record Land Ownership, Work Agreements and Future Production.

Value Propositions:
  Consumers: Regain control of production and bring price back to cost.
  Workers: Gain home ownership and food sovereignty.  Bid on jobs you like.
  Bank/VC/Angel/Shark: A % of profits when the DAO is selling surplus.

Vision:
  The DAO asks Users for real-estate listings.
  The DAO issues 1 Coin for each 1 ft² of each listing.
  The DAO sells the Coins to buy the Land.
  If all Coins for a listing are sold, the DAO buys the Land and holds it for now.

  The DAO also issues 1 Source Title for each ft² and holds them for now.

  The DAO then asks Coin holders if they want Future Production.
  If no Future Production is requested, the DAO holds the Land.

  If Future Production is requested, the DAO asks for RECIPIES and Workers.
  RECIPES defines the Land, Work and Time required for Future Production.
  RECIPE stages might include: ideate, define, engineer, fund, produce.

  The DAO vests Land to Workers as they complete Work Agreements.
  The DAO helps these new owners buy Future Production from each other.
  These owners 'vote' when they buy Future Production.

  When you own your home, rent is gone.
  Own Factory and Farm, profit is gone.

  When you trade Future Production before it is needed,
  You create a true insurance for any good or service.

  The DAO may sell surplus for Profit when production exceeds projection.
  If some Profit is treated as the Payer's investment, Users gain Sources.

Demo: Game

Benefits:
 Direct control of public works.
 Workers do not pay Rent or Profit.
 Food security through permaculture.
 Essential production is localized.
 Food and housing are almost free.

Deliverables:

Market Share:

Business model: % of surplus

Competition: Compare alternatives and highlight your unique features

Go-to market: advertise, event, partner, meme

Success Criteria: 

Deadlines: plan/approach

Team: 

Traction:
  Speed of coin sales and land acquisition.
  Schedule surplus
  and profit schedules.

On Tue, Mar 30, 2021 at 6:36 PM Henry Anderson <henry.patrick.anderson@gmail.com> wrote:
https://www.canva.com/design/DAEW7FyeCAU/bKMEteT-3oEasXQky0eqtw/edit
